README.md, before:

# TaskLU

A collaborative group management platform designed to streamline task coordination, role assignment, deadline management, and team scheduling. 

## Description/Usage

TaskLU is a group management application built to help teams stay organized, accountable, and aligned. This platform centralizes task management, role assignment, progress tracking, and meeting scheduling in one place, reducing communication errors and missed deadlines. 

This application addresses common collaboration issues such as unclear responsibilities, fragmented task tracking, and inefficient meeting coordination. By combining structured task workflows with a shared availability calendar, TaskLU enables teams to plan effectively, monitor progress in real time, and make informed scheduling decisions. This makes it especially useful for student project teams, academic groups, and small collaborative teams. 

## Getting Started

This project is currently in development. Stay tuned for updates! 

### Dependencies

- A modern web browser
- Git

### Installation

N/A

## Clone the repository

git clone https://github.com/IsmaelEudave/GroupI_CS3203_Spring2026 

## Navigate into the project directory 

cd GroupI_CS3203_Spring2026  (current repo name) 

## Install dependencies

N/A

## Authors and Acknowledgements 

Authors: Ava Batson-Perez, Cale Bible, Ismael Eudave, Zac Freeman, Aiden Isch, Landen Mowdy, Owen Whitaker 

## Project Status 

This is an ongoing project in development.

## Roadmap

- [x] Phase 1 (Current stage)
	- [ ] Build Sign-up/Login flow 
	- [ ] Set up tables/coolections in back end 
	- [ ] Create task that sends strings of text to LLM 
	- [ ] Create UI in Figma 
- [ ] Phase 2 
	- [ ] Finish task features (create, read, update, delete) 
	- [ ] Install a calendar library and connect to Events database 
	- [ ] Build a chatbox and bubble window 
	- [ ] Ensure after event creation, pops into calendar without page refresh 
- [ ] Phase 3 
	- [ ] Create a system prompt for user input 
	- [ ] Take the prompt output and call functions 
	- [ ] Write a function that checks event overlap 
	- [ ] Chatbox user feedback 
- [ ] Phase 4 
	- [ ] Fix Calendar UI for smaller screens 
	- [ ] Create Edge Case Handling for AI chatbot 
	- [ ] Write the final documentation and prepare presentation 
	- [ ] Deploy the platform 

## Development Guidelines

### Code Quality and Readability

- Code must follow proper syntax and be free of runtime errors.
- Code must be clearly commented where logic is non-trivial.
- Naming conventions must be consistent (camelCase for variables and functions,
- PascalCase for components/classes).

### Clear and Meaningful Naming

- Variable and function names must be descriptive, concise, and relevant to their purpose.
- Names should avoid ambiguity and not be overly similar to existing identifiers.
- Underscores may be used only where appropriate and consistently.

### Feature Completeness

- Each commit must implement a clearly defined piece of functionality related to an assigned feature.
- Partial or placeholder functionality must be explicitly labeled as such.

### UI & User Interaction (If Applicable)

- User-facing features must include a visible and usable UI component.
- UI elements must respond correctly to user input without causing crashes or inconsistent states.

### Independence & Modularity

- Code should not break or modify another team member’s feature without coordination.
- Feature logic should be modular and reasonably self-contained.

### Testing & Stability

- Code must compile/run successfully before being merged.
- No new warnings, errors, or regressions should be introduced.

### Documentation

- Any new feature or major change must be briefly documented in the README or relevant documentation file.
- Assumptions, limitations, or dependencies must be clearly noted.

Commit message:

Revision to the Description/Usage README section
Updated the README to reflect the shift from a group management platform to an individual project management application, emphasizing personal productivity features.

README.md, after:

# TaskLU

A collaborative group management platform designed to streamline task coordination, role assignment, deadline management, and team scheduling. 

## Description/Usage

TaskLU is an individual project management application built to help solo users stay organized, accountable, and focused. This platform centralizes personal task management, priority setting, and progress tracking in a single interface, reducing the risk of overlooked details and missed deadlines.

The application addresses common personal productivity challenges such as scattered planning, fragmented task tracking, and inefficient time management. By combining structured individual workflows with a dedicated availability calendar, TaskLU enables a user to plan effectively, monitor personal milestones in real time, and make informed scheduling decisions. This makes it an essential tool for individual students, freelancers, and independent professionals seeking to master their own workflows.

## Getting Started

This project is currently in development. Stay tuned for updates! 

### Dependencies

- A modern web browser
- Git

### Installation

N/A

## Clone the repository

git clone https://github.com/IsmaelEudave/GroupI_CS3203_Spring2026 

## Navigate into the project directory 

cd GroupI_CS3203_Spring2026  (current repo name) 

## Install dependencies

N/A

## Authors and Acknowledgements 

Authors: Ava Batson-Perez, Cale Bible, Ismael Eudave, Zac Freeman, Aiden Isch, Landen Mowdy, Owen Whitaker 

## Project Status 

This is an ongoing project in development.

## Roadmap

- [x] Phase 1 (Current stage)
	- [ ] Build Sign-up/Login flow 
	- [ ] Set up tables/coolections in back end 
	- [ ] Create task that sends strings of text to LLM 
	- [ ] Create UI in Figma 
- [ ] Phase 2 
	- [ ] Finish task features (create, read, update, delete) 
	- [ ] Install a calendar library and connect to Events database 
	- [ ] Build a chatbox and bubble window 
	- [ ] Ensure after event creation, pops into calendar without page refresh 
- [ ] Phase 3 
	- [ ] Create a system prompt for user input 
	- [ ] Take the prompt output and call functions 
	- [ ] Write a function that checks event overlap 
	- [ ] Chatbox user feedback 
- [ ] Phase 4 
	- [ ] Fix Calendar UI for smaller screens 
	- [ ] Create Edge Case Handling for AI chatbot 
	- [ ] Write the final documentation and prepare presentation 
	- [ ] Deploy the platform 

## Development Guidelines

### Code Quality and Readability

- Code must follow proper syntax and be free of runtime errors.
- Code must be clearly commented where logic is non-trivial.
- Naming conventions must be consistent (camelCase for variables and functions,
- PascalCase for components/classes).

### Clear and Meaningful Naming

- Variable and function names must be descriptive, concise, and relevant to their purpose.
- Names should avoid ambiguity and not be overly similar to existing identifiers.
- Underscores may be used only where appropriate and consistently.

### Feature Completeness

- Each commit must implement a clearly defined piece of functionality related to an assigned feature.
- Partial or placeholder functionality must be explicitly labeled as such.

### UI & User Interaction (If Applicable)

- User-facing features must include a visible and usable UI component.
- UI elements must respond correctly to user input without causing crashes or inconsistent states.

### Independence & Modularity

- Code should not break or modify another team member’s feature without coordination.
- Feature logic should be modular and reasonably self-contained.

### Testing & Stability

- Code must compile/run successfully before being merged.
- No new warnings, errors, or regressions should be introduced.

### Documentation

- Any new feature or major change must be briefly documented in the README or relevant documentation file.
- Assumptions, limitations, or dependencies must be clearly noted.
